Abtion Stack: Guidelines (#14)
abtion/guidelines: stack-guideline.md

# Abtion stack
###### Or Ab-*stack*-tion!  🤦‍♂️
![abtion image](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZVik7pBtu9dNS/giphy.gif)

> In Abtion we strive for the most efficient and easiest workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Abtion we strive for the easiest and most efficient workflow.
```
I am fairly sure this is correct... can't tell you why 🤔

Reviewer 2: It is wrong to say most easiest.
This way 'easiest' is definitely not associated with 'most'.

For instance, in 'most efficient and clever', most is associated with both words, which makes sense.

> This docs is thought of being a docs we all can turn to if we get in doubt of how we deal with managing certain stuff, such as CI/CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is thought of being a resource we all can turn to if we get in doubt of how we deal with managing certain stuff, such as CI/CD.
```

Also, to make it easier to on-board new employees.

## Frontend

> As Abtioneers we love React when working on the FE (Front-End), but we also care about Vue and are always curious of what exciting technologies might pop-up in the future. But for now most of our FE apps are built with React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Abtioneers we love React when working on the FE (Front-End), but we also care about Vue and are always curious about what exciting technologies might pop-up in the future. But for now most of our FE apps are built with React.
```

#### Testing

> React and [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) make a great match, which is why we always test our React apps with Jest.

Reviewer: are a great match or make a great couple 🤔

Reviewer 2: I vote 'are a great match'

#### CI

> So far we are using both [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/) and [Buddy](https://buddy.works/) - not at the same time of course  💩. 

Reviewer 2: And Github Actions, Peakflow, and Heroku CI.
For our newest project we landed onusing Heroku CI.
Though we do have an issue with it being too slow because the google-chrome buildpack for Heroku doesn't use caching.

With Buddy we can quickly create a pipeline and connect it to GitHub thanks to the easy to use UI - but it’s pretty much up to personal preference.

#### CD

> We aim to host all of out FE apps on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - currently (July 2019) - most of our apps, backend and frontend apps are hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com/). But we find that Netlify provides a better development experience as well as an improved overall usability the user, due to Netlify’s great services such as [CDN Edge](https://www.netlify.com/products/edge/), [Analytics](https://www.netlify.com/products/analytics/) , [Dev](https://www.netlify.com/products/dev/) and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to host all of out FE apps on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - currently (July 2019) - most of our apps, backend and frontend apps are hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com/). But we find that Netlify provides a better development experience as well as an overall improved usability to the user, due to Netlify’s great services such as [CDN Edge](https://www.netlify.com/products/edge/), [Analytics](https://www.netlify.com/products/analytics/) , [Dev](https://www.netlify.com/products/dev/) and more.
```

During an active pull-request the CI will run dependencies, tests and whatnot. Along-side that Netlify will trigger and run a preview build. Netlify provides a deployment preview link, so that we can easily see new changes.

#### Monitoring
Maybe Sentry?

## Backend

> Backend apps are built with Ruby on Rails and are hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com). Backend and/or Rails with React apps use a default [README.md](https://github.com/abtion/guidelines/blob/master/standard_readme.md#name-of-the-third-party) that makes it easy to document the app during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backend apps are built with Ruby on Rails and are hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com). Backend and/or Rails with React apps use a default [README.md](https://github.com/abtion/muffi/blob/master/README.example.md) which makes it easy to document the app during development.
```

#### Database
PostgreSQL

#### CI
Travis - how do we work with travis?

#### CD

> Heroku provides review-apps. A review-app is a deployed app based on a active pull-request,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Heroku provides review-apps. A review-app is a deployed app based on an active pull-request,
```

> when a review-app has been successfully deployed, it provides a deployment link so we can see new changes - just like Netlify does as described in the Frontend->CD section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when a review-app has successfully been deployed, it provides a deployment link so we can see new changes - just like Netlify does as described in the Frontend->CD section
```

#### Preferred Heroku Add-ons

> — [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com)

Reviewer 2: Or Sentry?

Reviewer: Or Airbrake?

— Postgres

## WordPress

> At Abtion we have our own WP(wordpress) theme called [Abtion-theme](https://github.com/abtion/abtion-theme) on GitHub, creative. All WP sites are hosted on [Kinsta](https://kinsta.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Abtion we have our own WP(wordpress) theme called [Abtion-theme](https://github.com/abtion/abtion-theme) on GitHub. All WP sites are hosted on [Kinsta](https://kinsta.com/)
```

The theme uses Webpack 4 to compile SCSS and JS.

#### CI/CD

> Currently we are not testing wordpress sites, but it is our goal to do that, when we find a good way to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we are not testing wordpress sites, but it is our goal to start doing that, as soon as we find a good way to do it.
```

> We are building our WordPress apps with our Buddy pipelines, like this [example](https://app.buddy.works/abtion/abtion-theme/pipelines) pipeline. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are building WordPress apps with our Buddy pipelines, like this [example](https://app.buddy.works/abtion/abtion-theme/pipelines) pipeline. 
```

Upon a successful run of our pipeline we deploy the changed files directly to the hosted site on Kinsta.

#### CLI

> We have created our own shell script based on the [wp-cli](https://wp-cli.org/) to quickly create a wordpress site, install our default plugins and our Abtion-theme. The script can be seen in this [repo](https://github.com/abtion/Wordpress-Scaffolding)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have created our own shell script based on the [wp-cli](https://wp-cli.org/) to quickly create a wordpress site, install our default plugins and our Abtion-theme. The script can be found in this [repo](https://github.com/abtion/Wordpress-Scaffolding).
```

# Abtion stack
###### Or Ab-*stack*-tion!  🤦‍♂️
![abtion image](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZVik7pBtu9dNS/giphy.gif)

In Abtion we strive for the most efficient and easiest workflow.

> This docs is thought of being a docs we all can turn to if we get in doubt of how we deal with managing certain stuff, such as CI/CD.

Reviewer: `This docs is thought of being a docs`
This sentence need some love :O

Also, to make it easier to on-board new employees.

## Frontend

> As an Abtioneer we love React when working on the FE (Front-End), but we also care about Vue and is always curious of what exciting technologies that might pop-up in the future. But for now most of our FE apps is built with React.

Reviewer: As Abtioneers we love OR As an Abtioneer I love

Reviewer: and ARE always curious

Reviewer: what exciting technologies might pop-up in the future. (no that)

Reviewer: our FE apps ARE built with react

Author: @bohme Actually not all of our apps is built with react, we have some projects built with Vue. But i agree the majority is react apps. 😄

Reviewer: I am aware, but we have more than one app, so it should be _are_ not _is_ ;)
`But for now most of our FE apps ARE built with React.`

> As an Abtioneer we love React when working on the FE (Front-End), but we also care about Vue and is always curious of what exciting technologies that might pop-up in the future. But for now most of our FE apps is built with React.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As Abtioneers we love React when working on the FE (Front-End), but we also care about Vue and are always curious of what exciting technologies might pop-up in the future. But for now most of our FE apps are built with React.
```

#### Testing

> React and [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) is a great match, which is also why we always test our React apps with Jest.

Reviewer: is a great match, are a great match 🤔 
make a great match?
also: you can drop the also ;)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
React and [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) make a great match, which is why we always test our React apps with Jest.
```

Reviewer: oh yea! suggestion feature!
would have saved some confusion 👍

#### CI

> So far are using both [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/) and [Buddy](https://buddy.works/) - not at the same time of course  💩. 

Reviewer: So far WE are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
So far we are using both [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/) and [Buddy](https://buddy.works/) - not at the same time of course  💩. 
```

> With Buddy we can quickly create a pipeline and connect it to GitHub thanks to the easy to use UI - but it’s pretty much up to each preference so far.

Reviewer: up to personal preference or up to each individual.
and drop the so far

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With Buddy we can quickly create a pipeline and connect it to GitHub thanks to the easy to use UI - but it’s pretty much up to personal preference.
```

#### CD

> We aim to host all of out FE apps on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - currently (July 2019) - most of our apps, backend and frontend apps is hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com/). But we find that Netlify provides a much better development experience and is better for the users of our apps, due to Netlify’s great services such as [CDN Edge](https://www.netlify.com/products/edge/), [Analytics](https://www.netlify.com/products/analytics/) , [Dev](https://www.netlify.com/products/dev/) and more.

Reviewer: apps ARE hosted on

Reviewer: provides a better development experience as well as a improved overall usability for the user,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We aim to host all of out FE apps on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - currently (July 2019) - most of our apps, backend and frontend apps are hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com/). But we find that Netlify provides a better development experience as well as an improved overall usability the user, due to Netlify’s great services such as [CDN Edge](https://www.netlify.com/products/edge/), [Analytics](https://www.netlify.com/products/analytics/) , [Dev](https://www.netlify.com/products/dev/) and more.
```

During an active pull-request the CI will run dependencies, tests and whatnot. Along-side that Netlify will trigger and run a preview build. Netlify provides a deployment preview link, so that we can easily see new changes.

#### Monitoring
Maybe Sentry?

## Backend

> Backend apps is built with Ruby on Rails and is hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com). Backend and/or Rails with React uses a default [README.md](https://github.com/abtion/guidelines/blob/master/standard_readme.md#name-of-the-third-party) file that makes it easy to document the app during development.

Reviewer 4: The readme does not make any reference to any technology or framework. It can be used in any project.

> Backend apps is built with Ruby on Rails and is hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com). Backend and/or Rails with React uses a default [README.md](https://github.com/abtion/guidelines/blob/master/standard_readme.md#name-of-the-third-party) file that makes it easy to document the app during development.

Reviewer: Backend apps ARE built ... and ARE hosted on

Backend and/or Rails APPS USE a default

README.md or README file not README.md file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Backend apps are built with Ruby on Rails and are hosted on [Heroku](https://heroku.com). Backend and/or Rails with React apps use a default [README.md](https://github.com/abtion/guidelines/blob/master/standard_readme.md#name-of-the-third-party) that makes it easy to document the app during development.
```

#### Database
PostgreSQL

#### CI
Travis - how do we work with travis?

#### CD
Heroku provides review-apps. A review-app is a deployed app based on a active pull-request,
when a review-app has been successfully deployed, it provides a deployment link so we can see new changes - just like Netlify does as described in the Frontend->CD section

#### Preferred Heroku Add-ons
— [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com)

— Postgres

## WordPress

> In Abtion we have our own WP theme called [Abtion-theme](https://github.com/abtion/abtion-theme) on GitHub, creative. All WP sites is hosted on [Kinsta](https://kinsta.com/)

Reviewer: At Abtion

Reviewer: All WP site ARE hosted

Reviewer: you also use WP here and then wordpress in the next paragraph, little confusing, just throw a WP(wordpress) the first time you use it and we should be golden ;)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At Abtion we have our own WP(wordpress) theme called [Abtion-theme](https://github.com/abtion/abtion-theme) on GitHub, creative. All WP sites are hosted on [Kinsta](https://kinsta.com/)
```

The theme uses Webpack 4 to compile SCSS and JS.

#### CI/CD
Currently we are not testing wordpress sites, but it is our goal to do that, when we find a good way to do it.

> But we are building our WordPress apps with our Buddy pipelines, like this [example](https://app.buddy.works/abtion/abtion-theme/pipelines) pipeline. 

Reviewer: I'd drop the But at the beginning of the sentence to make it ever so slightly easier to read.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are building our WordPress apps with our Buddy pipelines, like this [example](https://app.buddy.works/abtion/abtion-theme/pipelines) pipeline. 
```

> When pipeline runs successfully, we then upload the changed files from the build process directly to the site hosted on Kinsta.

Reviewer: Upon a successful run of our pipeline we deploy the changed files directly to the hosted site on Kinsta.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upon a successful run of our pipeline we deploy the changed files directly to the hosted site on Kinsta.
```

#### CLI

> We have created our own shell script based on the [wp-cli](https://wp-cli.org/) to quickly create a wordpress site, install our default plugins and our Abtion-theme. Script can be seen in this [repo](https://github.com/abtion/Wordpress-Scaffolding)

Reviewer: The script can be seen in this ...

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We have created our own shell script based on the [wp-cli](https://wp-cli.org/) to quickly create a wordpress site, install our default plugins and our Abtion-theme. The script can be seen in this [repo](https://github.com/abtion/Wordpress-Scaffolding)
```
